1028 move to new installer (#1046)
epinio/epinio: helm/chart/epinio/README.md

# Epinio Helm Chart

From app to URL in one command.

## Introduction

> This helm chart can be used to deploy Epinio on a cluster. It is an alternative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helm chart deploys Epinio on a cluster. It is an alternative
```

The `epinio install` command is gone, is it not ?So this here is a replacement, not an alternative.

to `epinio install` command.

## Prerequisites

> Epinio needs some external components to be running on your cluster in order to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Epinio needs a number of external components to be running on your cluster in order to
```

work. You may already have those deployed, otherwise follow the instructions here
to deploy them.

Important: Some of the namespaces of the components are hardcoded in the Epinio

> code and thus are important to be the same as describe here. In the future this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code and thus are important to be the same as described here. In the future this
```
